updated examples, added build script (#1165)
yewstack/yew: examples/readme.md

# Yew Examples

Use `build.sh` script to build examples. 

> Examples are prepared for `wasm-bindgen` except `minimal_wp` which is prepared for `wasm-pack`.

Reviewer: Can you explain that `wasm-bindgen` was chosen because:
1. Want to keep setup simple (no bundlers)
2. Prefer to keep examples as binaries rather than libraries (wasm-pack limitation)

Also, I think here would be a good place to link to https://yew.rs/docs/getting-started/starter-templates for people who are interested in how to setup their own app after they learn about examples.

Author: This part is little bit confusing for me. 

In https://yew.rs/docs/getting-started/project-setup is written: `We don't recommend using wasm-bindgen directly because it requires hand-writing some JavaScript to bootstrap you WebAssembly binary.`

But wasm-pack and wasm-bindgen both can use same `/examples/static/index.html` file. No other steps are needed. Neither of them needs to use bundler when compiled with `--target web`

Reviewer: 🤔 you're right. The docs need to be updated. I wonder if I wrote those before `--target web` or something.. or maybe I just wrote incorrectly 😅

> Examples are prepared for `wasm-bindgen` except folders which ends with `_wp` which are prepared for `wasm-pack`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples are prepared for `wasm-bindgen` except folders ending with `_wp` which are prepared for `wasm-pack`.
```

> - examples does not use external bundlers and use same `static/index.html` to load application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The examples do not use external bundlers and all use the same `static/index.html` after being built.
```

> - wasm-bindgen builds project using binary crate - `main.rs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `wasm-bindgen` builds projects as binary crates (`main.rs`)
```

## How to run

```
git clone https://github.com/yewstack/yew.git
cd yew

> examples/build.sh minimal # example subfolder

Reviewer: Does the build script need to be run from the root of the repo? I think it would be nice if it could be run from anywhere.

Author: script can be run from anywhere, but I had a bug there - TARGET_DIR path was wrongly set

> - wasm-pack build project using library only - `lib.rs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `wasm-pack` builds projects as library crates (`lib.rs`)
```

> Another option is to use [starter templates](https://yew.rs/docs/getting-started/starter-templates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your own project, you may wish to check out the Yew [starter templates](https://yew.rs/docs/getting-started/starter-templates)
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

git clone https://github.com/yewstack/yew.git

> cd yew

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd yew/examples
```

> Note: VSCode has extension "Live Server" which can be used to run example in browser with automatic reload

Reviewer: Do you mind adding more context here? Maybe a link or short instructions?

> examples/build.sh minimal # example subfolder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./build.sh minimal # example subfolder
```

> python3 -m http.server --directory examples/static # open localhost:8000 in browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 -m http.server --directory static # open localhost:8000 in browser
```

```

> Note: [Visual Studio Code IDE](https://code.visualstudio.com/) has extension [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) which can be used to run example in browser with automatic reload. After install open context menu on `index.html` -> `Open with Live Server`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: [Visual Studio Code IDE](https://code.visualstudio.com/) has the [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) extension which can be used to run examples in the browser with automatic reload. After installing, open the context menu on `index.html` -> `Open with Live Server`
```
